General product management skills are
foundational to becoming an excellent data Product Manager.
You'll need to be constantly talking to users or potential users of
different personas and segments in order to understand their pain points.
As you learn from this course,
you'll need to be adept at analyzing data to understand trends at large,
measure their success of and iterate on your experiments, features and products,
setting KPIs rally teams,
and to build our experiences powered by automated data processing and serving.
You'll need to work cross-functionally with teams ranging
from engineers and designers to come up with
high-level solutions that meet user's needs or being
technically feasible in terms of engineering resources and capabilities.
You'll need to prioritize development of the features and products based on user impact,
engineering feasibility, market timing in business alignment.
Then you'll packages prioritization into a strategic roadmap in order to
evangelize and justify to
internal stakeholders on why we're building what we're building.
You'll need to work with a team in facilitating
the development process from writing specs, user stories,
feature requirements, setting milestones,
identifying edge cases and setting acceptance criteria.
You'll need to work with marketing, editorial,
and technical writing teams to prepare large communication's collateral from blog posts,
documentation in product messaging and copy and press releases.